The person who is taking 50 million dollars for a 50 minute

role as a super hero,

this same person used to do the dishes in the prison.

Today I am going to talk about that super hero who has

crossed the sky in his life in good days

and has come down to earth in bad days.

Today I am gonna talk about Robert Downey Jr.

If you have seen movies about super heroes, then you must

be knowing him.

He is Iron Man.

The story of becoming Iron Man is very interesting.

This is a roller coaster ride. Let's go on it.

Let's start from the beginning.

On 4th April 1965, he was born in Manhattan, New York, USA.

His father was Robert Downey Sr. who was a famous actor,

producer, director and screenplay writer.

His mother was L.C. who was an actress.

Both his parents were associated with this background, the

filmic background.

He didn't pay much attention to his child and his child's

life started getting worse from childhood.

Let's talk about what you can learn from the life of Robert

Downey Jr.

In which there is defeat, victory, romance, fun and there

is also punishment in his life.

So let's talk about 5 learnings from Robert Downey Jr.

And yes friends, you must remember that in the last few

videos I have given you shares of Facebook, Microsoft and

Apple.

Stay with this video.

I am going to gift you your favorite Tesla shares for free.

The first thing to learn is not to get affected by the

problems of life but start attacking them.

Start facing them.

Let me tell you the story of Iron Man.

Robert Downey Jr. whose childhood is so painful.

Maybe no one will get such a childhood.

Robert Downey Jr. was 5 years old and worked in a movie

named Pound.

It was his father's movie, Robert Downey Sr.

He is a very good father.

When the child was 6 years old, his father let the child

consume marijuana.

When the child was 8 years old, he was addicted to

marijuana.

He had become a drug addict.

There were many problems in his childhood.

His mother got divorced.

And when he got divorced, the child started living with his

father.

He went to LA.

But even there, drugs did not leave him.

The child wanted to quit drugs, but he could not get rid of

it.

The child did not understand this.

His father let the 6-year-old child consume marijuana and

made him a drug addict.

Let's move on in this story.

There is a lot of romance.

The second thing to learn from Robert Downey Jr.'s life is

that God helps when you start helping yourself.

When Robert Downey Jr. was 16 years old, he left his

studies and came back to New York to live with his mother.

And again he started moving towards movies.

He worked in many movies from 1983 to 1990.

People started noticing him.

But the habit of taking drugs did not leave him.

Because of his addiction, his work was not affected.

But at some point, it had to be affected.

A movie called Less Than Zero was released in 1987.

In this movie, Robert Downey Jr. played a character who was

addicted to drugs and cocaine.

And the acting he did in this movie was amazing.

He got a lot of praise.

He later said that it was easy to do all that because he

was also going through the same period.

But because of this movie, his addiction became more and

more uncontrollable.

Then the year is 1990.

When he tries a lot to get rid of his addiction to drugs,

but he can't.

But he continues to work.

On one hand, people were praising him that he is an amazing

actor.

But on the other hand, people were also saying that he

takes drugs.

He was also being criticized.

In 1992, there is a movie on Charlie Chaplin in which he

plays the lead role.

Robert Downey Jr. gets a lot of praise.

He even gets nominated for an Oscar.

But the addiction to drugs, the habit was not leaving

behind.

He was constantly trying to help himself.

To get rid of that drug, to get rid of it.

But there was no success.

And before moving forward, we are talking about Iron Man

Tony Stark.

Who is a futuristic man in real life.

But when we talk about real life, real life Tony Stark

comes to Elon Musk.

Who owns companies like Tesla and SpaceX.

I also feel like driving a Tesla car.

Where are you watching this video?

You are watching it on YouTube.

Where are you shopping from? From Amazon.

Where are you watching movies? Watching on Netflix.

When we see the growth of these US companies.

When we find out about their founders, get inspired.

Then we feel that we should also take advantage of them.

We should also be a part of their growth.

And you will say, how will all this happen?

You can sit at home and invest in the US stock market.

You will say that it will be very heavy.

There will be charges, commission charges, account opening

charges.

It is not like that.

If you download and start using the indie money app like me.

Then everything will be easy for you.

Let's talk about the indie money app.

This is the easiest way to invest in the US stock market

from India.

There is no account opening fees on the indie money app.

There are zero commission charges.

There is zero brokerage.

So that you can buy and invest in your favorite US company

with a small amount.

The most amazing thing is that you can buy fractional

shares on the indie money app.

That is, you can buy a small part of a share and invest.

In today's video, I am going to give you Tesla's free

shares.

Download the indie money app now.

Go to the description.

You will get a link.

If you don't download from there.

You go to the store or go to the play store.

Remember this code RJTESLA.

Put this code when you sign up.

And you will get Tesla's free shares in the reward section.

So right now, I want to say this.

That you can start a new journey with the indie money app.

And remember, if you fund your US account for the first

time.

Then you get rewards from free US stocks.

So what are you waiting for?

Go to the description.

Download the indie money app.

The third thing to learn is from Robert Downey Jr.

That is, from the life of Iron Man.

That you try a little more.

The part of his life I am going to talk about.

You don't have to learn from that.

It was the month of April 1996.

How long would Robert Downey Jr.

He was taking cocaine, drugs.

In a state of intoxication while driving a car.

The police caught him.

And when he was caught, he also had a gun.

He was taken to the police station.

But he was released on parole.

He was a big man.

After being released on parole.

Within a month, he committed another crime.

He himself tells about that story.

That day I took a lot of cocaine.

I was very intoxicated.

When I came out, it felt like white rats were biting me.

I took off my clothes.

I started driving.

It felt like a lot of white rats had entered his car.

They were throwing the rats out again and again.

When I got tired of driving the car.

I came back and parked the car near the house.

But I was so intoxicated.

I was in such a state of intoxication.

That I went to the neighbor's house instead of my house.

I went to the neighbor's house and slept in the children's

bedroom.

When the owner of that house came.

When she went to her children's room.

She saw someone else sleeping.

She called 911 immediately.

The police came on the emergency number.

They arrested him and took him away.

This time he was presented in court.

The court told him to go to the rehab center.

Get your treatment done.

But he did not follow the court order.

He did not follow the order.

So the court sent him to jail for three years.

Although he was released after a year.

When he was in jail, his treatment was still going on.

To quit drugs.

Remembering his painful time.

Robert Downey Jr. says.

That I was treated very badly in jail.

The day I stayed there.

I had to wash the dishes that day.

And in return for that work.

I used to get 8 cents every hour.

That is, if I talk about today's Indian currency.

So he used to get about 6 rupees every hour.

As he was running his life.

Such a big superstar.

Whom everyone was praising.

He was serving his sentence in jail.

He was fighting his bad days.

What not to learn from Robert Downey Jr.'s life.

We have talked about this.

But now let's talk about what can be learned.

What is it that can be followed.

The fourth learning is.

You take a step.

You take a step.

Everything is easy.

In his life journey.

While taking drugs.

In the course of time.

The year 2000 had come.

In 2000, when he was released from jail.

His first wife.

She was divorced.

He was doing well.

Then he got some music videos.

Got work in TV shows.

There was a TV show called Ellie Macbill.

Which was a big thing in his life.

After coming out of jail.

He was also praised.

That brother, you are doing a very good job.

But the habit was not leaving.

Habit of drugs.

After a few days.

He was arrested again from the room.

He was in a state of intoxication.

And because of his arrest.

He was thrown out of the Ellie Macbill show.

The year comes 2004.

Which brings a turn in life.

Comes with a U-turn.

Comes to take you up in life.

He meets Suzanne Levin.

In 2005, they get married.

Suzanne put a condition in front of Robert Downey Jr.

In front of Iron Man.

That if you want to stay together.

Then you will have to quit drugs.

Either select drugs.

Or choose me.

So from Suzanne and drugs.

Robert Downey Jr.

Chose Suzanne.

And slowly started to distance from drugs.

Although it was very tough in the beginning.

But with courage.

He said bye-bye to this addiction.

He made up his mind.

Decided that never again.

Will not go towards intoxication.

And this.

What he did so wonderful.

To quit.

About this.

He says in a talk show.

It's not that difficult.

To overcome these.

Seemingly.

Ghastly problems.

What's hard.

Is to decide.

To do it.

Means.

It's not that difficult.

To overcome these problems.

What's hard.

To decide.

To overcome these problems.

To decide.

To decide.

That now.

I want to quit.

Means.

Robert Downey Jr.

Finally.

Decided.

And quit drugs.

He left what he had been working hard for for so many

years, but was not getting success.

Finally, he decided and said bye bye to drugs forever.

Let's talk about the last learning, learning number 5.

Always keep doing experiments in life, don't back off from

them.

Robert Downey Jr, until he became Iron Man, he used to do

the same dark cinema, drug addict, such characters, and he

used to get praised a lot because he was doing all this

himself.

But when he said bye bye to drugs, he started bringing

change in his lifestyle.

He started learning Kung Fu, Yoga, all this.

So he started becoming a better person, a better actor, a

better actor.

And in all this, in his transformation, his wife Suzanne

also helped him a lot, whom he met for the first time on

the set of the movie.

Gradually, his car started coming back on track, then he

did some good movies.

But the biggest turn in his life, the biggest change was

yet to come.

Now let's talk about the year 2007.

2007 was the year when he was finally offered the role of

Iron Man, the role that changed his life.

Tony Stark's role, the role of Iron Man.

The director of Iron Man was looking for another actor for

the main role,

Tom Cruise, such big actors, but when he saw Robert's

screen test, he thought that this guy would definitely fit.

And he signed Robert Downey Jr. for Tony Stark's character,

for the role of Iron Man.

Although there were protests in the internal team, they

were opposed that why are you taking him?

But still they said, no, I think this guy is right.

And when he was taken, he did a great job of acting.

Robert Downey Jr.

If you have seen the movie Iron Man, then you must have

seen that scene in which Tony Stark, as soon as he is

imprisoned, he insists on eating a burger instead of going

to the hospital.

This is a real incident of his life, from which this scene

has also come in this movie.

He says that when I was in 2003,

I was in cocaine addiction, then one day I felt that I want

to eat a burger,

I went to the burger shop,

I was addicted to burgers, I bought a cheeseburger, I

bought a coke.

When I came in the car, the car was full of cocaine heroin.

He ate a burger, and he did not like that burger, he felt

very bad about its taste.

He thought, what am I becoming?

The thing I liked, I am not liking it today.

He got so angry that he went to the seaside, and threw all

the cocaine and heroin in the sea.

He started bringing a transformation from that day.

From then on, he started trying to quit drugs.

Real attempt, that brother, you have to quit.

And the same scene was in the movie Iron Man, with the

character of Tony Stark, although he does not take cocaine

in that movie.

So what I understood from his life is that, you have to do

experiments.

And to do experiments, first of all, you have to make

yourself a good person, who is ready for all kinds of

experiments.

So today's story was a roller coaster ride, of a guy who

was so addicted, so addicted that his wife did not like him.

And that guy brings so much transformation inside him,

brings so much change, that the character of Robert Downey

Jr.,

Tony Stark, Iron Man, when he dies in Avengers Endgame,

people cry while watching the movie.

What can be learned from his life is that, if you are

troubled by a bad habit in life, if you are troubled by a

bad addiction, if you are troubled by any bad habit, if you

decide within yourself, then you can get rid of that bad

habit, and you can touch

the heights of the sky in life.

He has a very famous dialogue in a movie,

I love you 3000.

So the fans of Robert Downey Jr.

say, we will always love you 3000.

Once again, the same message that I often tell you, do

something that the world wants to do, just like you.

Remember, every Monday at 9.30 am, watch a new story with

me, and every Friday at 9.30 am, watch a new video of the

Learning Series with me.

Before leaving, a small reminder, the description link has

been made, you download it, don't forget to claim your free

Tesla shares. Remember the code RJTESLA.

And one more amazing thing, if you fund a US stock account,

you will also get free US stocks.

Share this code and link with your friends and family, so

that they can also get free Tesla shares.

